Update naming.rst (#26)
uasal/spacehardwarehandbook-public: source/naming.rst

Consistent naming of mechancial components is key for tracking parts and maintaining a clear folder structure for design files.

> For mechanical assemblies we have adopted the approach below. In the example, a subassembly such as the JWST aft-optics assembly (AOA) houses a fictitous Extra-Solar Coronagraph (ESC) instrument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For mechanical assemblies we have adopted the approach below. In the example, a Space Telescope Program runs a Versatile CubeSat Telescope (VCT) which contains an aft-optics assembly (AOA) that  houses a fictitous Extra-Solar Coronagraph (ESC) instrument.
```

1. The Assembly will be represented by an alphanumeric string, e.g., XXX-XXX-XX###, where X is capital letter and # is a number from 0-9.

2. The first 3-character string is a human readable acronnym or abbreviation describing the project or mission, e.g., AOA-XXX-XX###.

3. The second 3-character string is a human readable acronym or abbreviation describing a specific instrument or element, e.g., AOA-ESC-XX###.

4. The two capital letters in the 5-character string indicate the development category and engineering subset, e.g., AOA-ESC-FA###.

>    a. First character is a capital letter indicating development category, e.g., F for Flight Ready, G for Ground Support Equipment.

Reviewer: are these the only two letters than can be used?

Author: More can be used - I didn't want to give too many examples or directly copy-paste our own internal numbering system here. It might be better to explicitly state that the system can be expanded with more letters based on the project's goals / requirements.

Reviewer 2: I think it's appropriate to provide an example set so long as they've been thought out and are being used. You can say something like, "The STP instruments are utilizing a scheme where:
- F for Flight Ready, 
- G for Ground Support Equipment.
- add others

It may be appropriate to tailor this to adapt to specific missions.

I think you can more or less apply the same comment all the way down in this document.

Reviewer 3: Do we want to include the document modifiers we've been discussing?

Reviewer: yes, i think we want to capture all these specifics so the approach is re-usable
